c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\bin\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.exe.config
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\bin\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.exe
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\bin\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.pdb
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.AddCandidates.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.addPosition.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.AddStudent.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.adminhome.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.Form1.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.ResultReport.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.Userhome.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.userresultview.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.vieweditCandidates.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.VieweditPositon.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.viewEditStudent.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.ViewProfile.resources
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.exe
c:\users\jndjk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.pdb
C:\Users\jndjk\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.editstudent.resources
C:\Users\jndjk\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.editposition.resources
C:\Users\jndjk\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.voting.resources
C:\Users\jndjk\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Studentvotingsystem1\Studentvotingsystem1\obj\Debug\Studentvotingsystem1.overall.resources
